you sound great
yeah right what you're telling me you
weren't feeling it you were in it
we don't need to put them all out
[Music]
uh
your hearing is deteriorating rapidly
we'll come back till then lou we just
keep going okay no
lou let's play tomorrow let's see what
it's like okay i'm gonna be like a click
track you can play to me
you have to understand your first
responsibility
i can't hear you do you understand me i
can't i'm deaf
found a place i think it's important
that you stay here with us right now
reuben
we're looking for a solution to to this
not this i need you to wait for me
okay you're right for me my part you're
in for me
okay you gotta wait for me
[Music]
trying to save my life reuben
the world does keep moving it can be a
damn cruel place
but those moments of stillness
[Music]
when this
crappy mundane world
suddenly becomes radiant and magnificent
[Music]
all the fear is gone
that place
will never abandon you
[Music]
you